The canonization ceremony of the Heavenly King's Order has not yet begun
Junjun gave the Heavenly King's Order to Yan Zhanshen
No wonder Young Master Yan and War God Yan
A mature heart
The winning look
It turns out that today's canonization banquet
Is it for you to announce the throne of the king of Beijing?
This is to say
The novel that Tang Ying God of War insists on playing frequently
Why can't you even guarantee yourself the throne of God?
That's the price he deserves
So soon
Why in the first place?
How about Wang Ying?
Do you still want to disobey the king's decree?
I might
Can't save you
I'll take care of you over there
Tang Ying committed the following offense
In the name of the king of Beijing
Abolish Tang Ying's position as God of War
Lian Jiang ninth level
Guard the city gate
Bingzhi North
Are you going too far?
Dare to offend the king of Beijing
Tang Ying, I am now the king of Beijing
I can punish you however I want
Can you bring me a drink?
You choose to win
If you cut your seat with Qin Fang, this trash
Get married obediently
I can also intercede with my sister
I'll give you another baby by the way
Although I can't be a god of war
That's better than looking at the door
You scumbag who takes advantage of people's danger, don't even think about it
Follow me later
I'll take you out
Humph
OK
But don't worry.
It's not you who got demoted today
It's him